1. As follow-up to the stack operations discussed in lesson 1, 
    implement the overflow logic (extension of an array when pushing an element to a full stack)
    
    ```java
    static void push(int val) {
      if(stackIsFull()) {
        System.out.println("Stack overflow");

        //extend the array and push()

      } else {
        stack[++top] = val;
      }
    }
    ```
    
1. Write a program that reads a `String` and reverses the String using `Stack Push and Pop` operations

3. A bracket is considered to be any one of the following characters: `(, ), {, }, [, or ]`.
   Two brackets are considered to be a matched pair if the an opening bracket (i.e., `(, [, or {`) occurs to the left of a closing bracket (i.e., `), ], or }`) of the exact same      type. 
   There are three types of matched pairs of brackets: `[], {}, and ()`.

   A matching pair of brackets is not balanced if the set of brackets it encloses are not matched. For example, `{[(])}` is not balanced because the contents in between { and }      are not balanced. The pair of square brackets encloses a single, unbalanced opening bracket, (, and the pair of parentheses encloses a single, unbalanced closing square            bracket, ].

   > By this logic, we say a sequence of brackets is balanced if the following conditions are met:
   > 
   > 1. It contains no unmatched brackets.
   > 1. The subset of brackets enclosed within the confines of a matched pair of brackets is also a matched pair of brackets.


   Given  strings of brackets, write a function that determines whether each sequence of brackets is balanced. 
   If a string is balanced, return YES. Otherwise, return NO.
